Recommend newest jdk in docs (#1203)
kiegroup/optaplanner: optaplanner-docs/src/main/asciidoc/Integration/Integration-chapter.adoc

* Operating System
** No experimentally proven advice yet (but prefer Linux anyway).
* JDK

> ** Version: Our benchmarks have consistently shown improvements in performance when comparing new JDK releases with their predecessors. It is recommended to use the latest one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Version: Our benchmarks have consistently shown improvements in performance when comparing new JDK releases with their predecessors. It is therefore recommended to use the latest available JDK.
```

Also, if you say things such as "consistently shown improvements", you may want to justify your claims with data. Perhaps a link to the blogs would be useful here?

Author: If I put a link to the newest one here, wouldn't we be sort of obliged to update this doc with every new blog release? Maybe alternatively we can put a sentence there pointing people to the blog archives above?

Author: Which one would you prefer?

option A: putting a link on the word "benchmarks" to the latest blog
option B: adding a sentence in the spirit of: "See our blog archives for more information on these comparisons."
option C: something else

Reviewer: B.
